docs/page-display.md, before:

# Explanation of Page CModel Display

In the Islandora Comparative Edition Solution Pack, most of the higher level functionality is accessible via the page object display. This includes skipping to the next/previous pages and jumping to any other "sibling" page of the same witness, which is fairly intuitive from the user interface.

Different representations of the page may be viewed by clicking on the three tabs above the box in the center of the page; the "Image" tab will display a zoomable view of the image of the page, the "Transcript" button will display a rendered HTML view of the transcript of the page, and the "XML" tab will show the raw XML data of the page transcript (usually TEI but not necessarily).

By default the page loads in "Focus View" where there is a single box on the page with the three tabs above it, but a user may also click the "Comparison View" button to split the screen into two separate boxes with their own tabs so that they may compare the "Image" view with the "Transcript" view (or any other combination).

Finally, when displaying the "Transcript" view, users may compare any sentence in the transcript against all other versions of that same sentence by clicking on the sentenceitself. This will activate a popup window showing every version of the sentence across witnesses, along with what witness and page they come from (with the witness/page description linking to that Islandora page object). This popup comparison window will show each sentence as a whole if indexed without CollateX, and if indexed with CollateX enabled it will show each sentence tokenized and aligned. In the tokenized and aligned version, tokens will appear with a green box around them if that token

Commit message:

Updating docs and changed MINDEX and PINDEX datastream names to not have hyphens

docs/page-display.md, after:

# Explanation of Page CModel Display

In the Islandora Comparative Edition Solution Pack, most of the higher level functionality is accessible via the page object display. This includes skipping to the next/previous pages and jumping to any other "sibling" page of the same witness, which is fairly intuitive from the user interface.

Different representations of the page may be viewed by clicking on the three tabs above the box in the center of the page; the "Image" tab will display a zoomable view of the image of the page, the "Transcript" tab will display a rendered HTML view of the transcript of the page, and the "XML" tab will show the raw XML data of the page transcript (usually TEI but not necessarily).

By default the page loads in "Focus View" where there is a single box on the page with the three tabs above it, but users may also click the "Comparison View" button to split the screen into two separate boxes with their own tabs so that they may compare the "Image" view with the "Transcript" view (or any other combination). Please note that the container for these views expands to the maximum width allowed on the page. While this may be enough to use the "Focus View" effectively, Drupal instances using lots of blocks displayed to either side of the content area of a page may squish the width available for the "Comparison View", rendering it unusable. Sites finding themselves in this situation have the option of supressing the display of blocks, or creating their own page template to override the default that supresses the "Comparison View" button. 

Finally, when displaying the "Transcript" view, users may compare any sentence in the transcript against all other versions of that same sentence by clicking on the sentence itself. This will activate a popup window showing every version of the sentence across witnesses, along with what witness and page they come from (with the witness/page description linking to that Islandora page object). This popup will have two tabs available, "Display" and "Analysis" (with "Display" being the default choice). The "Display" tab will show a view of all sentences built from the grandparent CE object's "DISPLAY-MINDEX", which may contain HTML but does not contain a syntactical comparison of the sentences. The "Analysis" tab shows a view of all sentences built from the grandparent CE object's "ANALYSIS-MINDEX", which may not contain HTML but does contain a syntactical comparison of the sentence structures derived from CollateX with "invariant" sentence fragments (chunks of the sentence that do not change across versions) in a green box and "variant" sentence fragments (chunks of the sentence that do change across versions) in a red box.
